Magalie Marcellus: Work.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi Kevin Hi.
Kelley Briscar: No, I'm okay, how are you
Good.
Kelley Briscar: For you on the internet here hasn't been working that great. So if we go if I get cut out. That's why hopefully it'll be okay. But I'm just, I had a hard time last week.
Or last
Kelley Briscar: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you're back to your place.
Kelley Briscar: No, we went back there and it was atrocious. It's
Kelley Briscar: Still yes wreaked of smoke and then we had rats. I don't know how that happened. So we ended up coming back to the hotel.
Magalie Marcellus: Which we're planning on. Wow.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so we can find somewhere to our, you know, our men or something else to run. So it was crazy, though. I mean, we had huge rats. I mean, huge
Magalie Marcellus: And you never had that before.
Kelley Briscar: Well, and we had a few nice every now and then, but right. No, I mean one got up in our stove. We had to take a year to take the stove apparel.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. Wow.
Kelley Briscar: So big it was. I mean, ridiculous so
Kelley Briscar: With everything. It just made more sense. There was just no way you felt comfortable staying there.
Kelley Briscar: With all that so
Magalie Marcellus: How long do you guys stay there.
Kelley Briscar: There's about two weeks.
Kelley Briscar: Give or take. So he had an exterminator come out but didn't seem to they must know how to get around the stuff I don't know because we
Kelley Briscar: saw no
Kelley Briscar: I mean, I couldn't even go in my kitchen without either seen one or the being
Magalie Marcellus: Read, you know, read. Wow. Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: That's my unsanitary.
Kelley Briscar: Sad and to, like I said, the place wreaked of smoke smells.
Kelley Briscar: It was me breathing that in couldn't have been healthy, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Right in
Kelley Briscar: The building. It's all you would smell, you know, was the smoke so with everything we kind of just weighed the pros and cons and
Kelley Briscar: I just couldn't handle it. It was too much. The rats were just like,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so
Kelley Briscar: Figured it out. And I mean, it's going to be pretty tight, but we can manage for now here until we can find somebody you know some apartment or something to run so
Magalie Marcellus: So for now, how long do you anticipate paying where you are.
Kelley Briscar: I have no idea.
Kelley Briscar: It's all going to depend on how quickly we can fire to find something and find someone you know obviously willing to run to us.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: You know, I would think at least couple months maybe last hopefully you know we've been here Sunday, it'll be
Kelley Briscar: Two weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: Since we
Kelley Briscar: But you know, it's like the paper is so scarce. And what I find that line.
Kelley Briscar: You know, I find a decent amount of stuff, but they're also where yes, it makes like two times, you know, the rent.
Payments
Kelley Briscar: There so credit check and, you know, all these things that you know i mean we I've had very good rent. We've had very good rental history, but I don't have the best credit, you know,
Kelley Briscar: You know, different things like that. So, and there are a lot of them, one like $50 application fees and and right now we're just trying to keep a flow, you know, keep this place.
Over
Kelley Briscar: There.
Kelley Briscar: That's the only thing with online that you find it's a lot of them are more through the real a realtor companies and stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: Is not private line like that.
Kelley Briscar: Right. No, I mean, my mom has been looking in the paper every day for us but
Kelley Briscar: East Side. I can find a lot, but on the west side which is where we
Kelley Briscar: You know, need to be really
Kelley Briscar: You know, to look at, or for rent. So
Kelley Briscar: Like I said, I'm hoping it doesn't turn into any you know more than maybe a couple months here, you know, but
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Capone so calm.
You know, I know.
Kelley Briscar: I know
Kelley Briscar: What it is that it's better than dealing with rats and SM every time you you know go into the bill apartment building is nothing but smoking.
Kelley Briscar: In Atlanta landlord that just you know he's only willing to do the bare minimum of what is, you know, expected of them anything more than that is just
Kelley Briscar: Given those too much things. I mean even the pain they were supposed to clean from the smoke and and you know with industrial like cleaner and all that stuff and you can literally tell when you look at the walls.
Kelley Briscar: The black
Kelley Briscar: Coming through the paint.
Magalie Marcellus: That included before they put they paint.
Kelley Briscar: Not all the way, obviously, because you decided you can see the black seeping through the white, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Still sitting
Kelley Briscar: On this down the stairs. You know, I mean, it just whoever did the work just did it half assed. And I guess he's okay with that, you know, but I'm not
Magalie Marcellus: There any on attendance back in that apartment building. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: No, no, we would only ones. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That was trying to come back.
Kelley Briscar: Well, I guess the other ones ENDED UP GETTING EVICTED anyway.
Kelley Briscar: Another the other apartments still
Magalie Marcellus: You know I say self condemnation.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: So I don't even know how and it makes me wonder if an inspector even actually
Kelley Briscar: Went there.
Kelley Briscar: To give the okay for us to come back because really what the just the smoke smell that was in that place alone.
Magalie Marcellus: They sound. Notice that
Kelley Briscar: He would wonder how they would say, you know, it's all right.
Kelley Briscar: My, not to mention they had to have seen all the route you know just
Magalie Marcellus: Did you pay any money when you went back
Kelley Briscar: No. No. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Because we had to, you know, he had told us a big thing was to use January's rent to stay here and
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. And then when we came back in February. Yet, or we left Ashley February 2 but
Kelley Briscar: He had worked my you know my dad ended up actually getting involved in some of it and they had worked out.
Kelley Briscar: Prior to us coming back because of the all the time that we've been out of the apartment. They're not everything. They are not. Yeah, we did.
Kelley Briscar: He was pretty much a free month for us. Well, you ended up cashing another check that he had add basically to make you know for February's run. So it's not like he got free and clear. Actually, if anything, we're the ones out money.
Magalie Marcellus: My pain. She got money for February.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, but
Kelley Briscar: You know, it was, it was worth me just to be out of theirs, it's, it's worth it. I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: It was a healthy
Kelley Briscar: No.
Kelley Briscar: No, and we neither one of us should have been, you know, in my head, but neither one of us seem to feel good when we
Kelley Briscar: Got back
Kelley Briscar: Issues, a lot of coughing, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Just so I like I said it could have been a coincidence. I don't know, but I know I felt a lot
Magalie Marcellus: Better if you could smell it.
Magalie Marcellus: Then, I mean, you know, something that
Kelley Briscar: Clearly clean so I mean I worried about my animals excellent have been good for them to be breathing. There's so much tinier than we are, you know, know
Kelley Briscar: Just all in all, you know it's it's better that we're, we're here, you know, for now, anyway, we just hope it doesn't take too long, define something else. You know, so
Magalie Marcellus: It's really been and I know the last time you you still were concerned about being able to have enough funds to cover where you are. You guys okay now make you know having enough
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Kinda. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: To cover the expense.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I mean, like I said, it's going to be a super tight but we kind of figured out, you know, they're really nice here. They even dropped the rate at the room more for us.
Kelley Briscar: When I call Dylan.
Kelley Briscar: Coming, you know, coming back.
Kelley Briscar: So they dropped it a good 20 more dollars for us.
Kelley Briscar: And as of
Kelley Briscar: two more weeks from Sunday, they dropped. They have a deal thing that goes on here. When you stay longer after 30 days they dropped the taxes on the room and that goes down almost another hundred, you know, or under dollars.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay.
Kelley Briscar: A lot easier.
Magalie Marcellus: Salsa dance.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: So, I mean, it never fails since we've gotten back here, though he he works. Usually, Monday through Saturday but
Kelley Briscar: Since we got
Kelley Briscar: Here, it seems like nowadays. He hasn't been working so that's kind of made it a little bit or might make it a little bit.
Kelley Briscar: Tighter, tighter, but
Magalie Marcellus: He works. So he was working six days.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, every to do like every other Saturday was mandatory but he was choosing sleep because of finances to work.
Kelley Briscar: Every Saturday. We're not like last Saturday. They didn't even end up working and it's kind of up in the air, whether this Saturday or not they'll be working. So we kind of factor that in. When we, you know, figure it out, how much we have to work with, you know,
Kelley Briscar: buddy's been working in it going in a half hour every day.
Kelley Briscar: Early so hopefully that'll make up for
Magalie Marcellus: A couple of hours.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, now I'm was he able to get that promotion.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, now
Kelley Briscar: And yeah, now they want to put them onto with another machine to which will mean a you know a little bit more to so
Kelley Briscar: That they seem to be really happy with with him. There's
Magalie Marcellus: A story. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. So once that comes into effect, that'll make it even a little bit more easy
Magalie Marcellus: For us to manage. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Yeah, but then it will. We came, we ended up paying to just two weeks I've had, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Some topics like this will be the, you know, second payment, we may since we came back so
That was
Kelley Briscar: Like actually see what it is you know what he has to bring home but
Kelley Briscar: My parents a few bucks to hold on to. So hopefully between the two.
Kelley Briscar: Will be our fingers crossed.
Magalie Marcellus: And I found that, you know, you guys can maintain but but like you said, it's still difficult to have any type of saving because you could have chosen whatever you have to cover your expenses.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. That's the only person really didn't have any savings thing that the other place either doesn't
Kelley Briscar: Have done a figure that out between wer E, I, O, and then that was the other thing with all that was going on there with the riots in this mouse. Now he increased our right to $615
Kelley Briscar: Weary we would have stayed. Yeah, we would have had just started to pay $615 and it looks like
Magalie Marcellus: Does that make sense. Yeah, exactly.
Kelley Briscar: So it just so between that and then, you know, we do have some previous you know like balances on our utilities, so they tend to run
Kelley Briscar: A little bit higher. So between
Kelley Briscar: Banner, and really it's not that much more to stay here because you don't have utilities here obviously
Magalie Marcellus: Last point before that.
Kelley Briscar: I mean the only decision.
Kelley Briscar: Was we weren't able to get
Kelley Briscar: A little bit of a smaller room right now. But as soon as you Lisa. Then they have another that's bigger like the one we had before.
Kelley Briscar: You
Kelley Briscar: Move into as soon as vacates assault. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So one day, same place. So are they going
Kelley Briscar: I can't hear you. Because she was beating my daughter Paul was talking, I
Kelley Briscar: Don't know why it does that to me. Okay. Okay. Can you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Yeah, I
Kelley Briscar: Like that. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, sometimes those kind of image.
Kelley Briscar: Problem.
Kelley Briscar: Is now I can't hear it for some reason. When I get a phone call it clicks something
Kelley Briscar: I mean, I could try logging out and logging back on and you want me to try that.
Magalie Marcellus: Let me give you a few seconds if it goes What do you hear me at all.
Kelley Briscar: Very, very faintly.
Kelley Briscar: The only way I can really hear you, is when I put you up to my ear.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so any live in your blog, nothing.
Kelley Briscar: Not at the moment. No, I kind of left those at the
Kelley Briscar: Apartment. I have to go back and get them.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: I do you do group without that
Kelley Briscar: You are you, I'm gonna try logging Austin.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I guess. Yeah, you can try it out and make sure
Kelley Briscar: All right, all right, I'll be
Kelley Briscar: All right, I'll be right back. Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Yes. Yeah, yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Okay. Hopefully she won't call me again.
Kelley Briscar: She knows when I have these things and I tell her ahead of time, but yet she just
Magalie Marcellus: She's calling us or what you're up to now.
Kelley Briscar: Nothing good same old crap, which means
Magalie Marcellus: He sell cars you
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Yeah, not, not all usually when there's a problem. So,
Kelley Briscar: Can't wait to hear what's
Magalie Marcellus: New. What's the new story.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so
Magalie Marcellus: I should say my boyfriend. That's why, as you know,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, you know, she's still with him and they're always fighting and then, you know, then it turns into. I have to leave. Can I come here. What she knows full well she
Magalie Marcellus: can't compare right and I yeah cuz you barely any faith.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, and not to mention the other issues, but mostly yes it's we don't have the space. And so, you know, it's just, but again, I feel bad because but then the few times when I have told her not here, obviously. But when we were back at the apartment.
Magalie Marcellus: To come she doesn't
Kelley Briscar: Anyway, you know, so it's just like it's a never ending six
Magalie Marcellus: She just she just went on van thing to notice is that
Kelley Briscar: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Because she knows you're not going to accept behaviors all
Kelley Briscar: Right. Why
Kelley Briscar: Would prefer to be there with
Kelley Briscar: You yeah i mean i know i don't like the way he treats her at all. But what can I do about it, you know, she doesn't listen
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I'm a good choice.
Kelley Briscar: Yup, and she made the choice to go back, knowing how he was
Kelley Briscar: They've been together before and you know he was like that. Well, it was a different now. Yeah. Okay. Well, clearly not you know don't different power lasted a whole five minutes and then it's like
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: In treating her like crap but you know when you to make the same stupid choices, you know,
Kelley Briscar: To get a different result.
Kelley Briscar: Yep, exactly. So it's just I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: What's the other day was just funny. What is that
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, he's still do with his dad looks like he's got a job. There's no yeah
Kelley Briscar: My youngest son. I'm actually just moved out, which is great, which means now he's not having to play daddy to three, the kids and and all that stuff anymore. And though.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, mental was I'm the one that doesn't keep contact with you.
Kelley Briscar: Know, and oh no we talked, but I just haven't seen him as far as, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Because of
Magalie Marcellus: The relative
Kelley Briscar: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: But not
Magalie Marcellus: not old enough to make his decision stuff like
Kelley Briscar: Right, right.
Kelley Briscar: Which now the exam is. Oh, and I'm sure will change will change now that he's like that.
Kelley Briscar: But I'm in fact we're trying to work something out where, you know, my mom wants you know to see him too. So we're trying to actually we weren't supposed to see him this week, but everybody over there. I ended up getting on the set was cold. So kind of got
Kelley Briscar: Anyway,
Magalie Marcellus: How do you feel about that because that was
Magalie Marcellus: Cool and the possibility of making having a meeting since you haven't
Kelley Briscar: I i I've been seeing them as far as actually you know like in person and quite some time. So I can't wait.
Kelley Briscar: Very excited about it.
Kelley Briscar: So, I mean, we talk all the time anyway. But it's not
Kelley Briscar: Really
Magalie Marcellus: A face to face contact right
Kelley Briscar: RIGHT, BUT I'M THE APARTMENT BUILDING AND HE'S LIVING IN has another apartment unit open
Kelley Briscar: Hold nice Jonathan, my son, then if he was working it was
Kelley Briscar: Actually saw it and everything. And so he's really wanting that apartment plus. Now these kinda in the situation that Tyler. That's my youngest was in where he's the one taking care of the kids and
Kelley Briscar: When basically what Tyler was, you know, doing so between the two. I think that's incentive enough for him to, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Get a job, so he can get that out of there.
Magalie Marcellus: Or you can be able to. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, so you're able to maintain
Kelley Briscar: Right, right. So it looks like he got a job at Home Depot. He's just waiting.
Magalie Marcellus: Holly dope off.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, oh, I'll be awesome.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I guess he's if they do a drug test. And so now when he goes for that and then course I know when you start so fingers crossed, and
Magalie Marcellus: Then eventually they
Magalie Marcellus: may move together.
Kelley Briscar: Well, it would they be in the same apartment building but in different
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yeah, and build he's gone. But by himself.
I'm with you. I am
Kelley Briscar: Now just, it would be him.
Magalie Marcellus: I think the one that deal with them that
Kelley Briscar: would only be
Kelley Briscar: Well, yeah, you'd be working full time.
Magalie Marcellus: So he'll be able to manage all the expenses on his own.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I would talk to
Magalie Marcellus: Them.
Magalie Marcellus: So, you know, be responsible for themselves, then you know you don't have to worry about, you know, like a ham, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: self sufficient.
Kelley Briscar: But I guess with that and, you know, just I know his father. Okay. I mean, it doesn't matter what's most important is to get this life together. That's
Magalie Marcellus: Why you
Know,
Kelley Briscar: Right. But of course, because he had his father's his father will be, you know, it's because he went, you know, back to his, you know, I already know what all here, but whatever.
Magalie Marcellus: Anyway isn't a dog. He can
Magalie Marcellus: Decide what he wants. What is this fine.
Kelley Briscar: Well, yeah, but that's just how that side of the family is you
Know,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. But I asked him, I said, You know, I said, what, exactly, it's a difference of curious because you're not hearing anything from your father that you know you didn't hear from me 1,000,001 times, you know, and
Kelley Briscar: That apartments. He's like, Mom, you get all these like honestly I really want that market. You know, I really want to be on my own and
Kelley Briscar: You know, I think, to he's not as good intent and as fathers
Kelley Briscar: Still that's more initiative, you know, to get out, get a job, and
Kelley Briscar: I stepped out of it. Don't get me wrong, whatever George you're around, that's all. I mean, the most important thing is that happened to me.
Kelley Briscar: I just was curious, you know, it's just like I used to drill in and I said, left and right.
Kelley Briscar: You know, never seem to play.
Kelley Briscar: With them.
Magalie Marcellus: But something like
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, let's thank God for that.
Kelley Briscar: follows through and but I think with this apartment. We have oily want in this apartment. I think that'll
Kelley Briscar: Be enough, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: And like
Kelley Briscar: Right now I know he's not 100% content at his dad's you know it's far away from everybody.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: That he used so
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah and
Kelley Briscar: Of course, means a lot. He loves the kids.
Kelley Briscar: But it's a lot more work, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, cuz it's not just
Magalie Marcellus: Being home anymore just taking care of himself, but his responsibility. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: When I take so yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Exactly. Yeah. Cuz
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz now he realized what he had with you that he's not getting so
Magalie Marcellus: They have to make a decision with it. And I'm sure if he's a dad a you gotta be able to happen as well, so I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Pretty sure that's right Sunday, the reason why he wants to be on his own.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah so
Magalie Marcellus: That's good. And yeah, that's the big step I'm you know to
Magalie Marcellus: Even go and apply. And so the possibility of getting started. Soon as good as
Magalie Marcellus: Some positive
Magalie Marcellus: Next person is working on your daughter.
Eventually,
Kelley Briscar: Pretty good, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: And he's drinking
Kelley Briscar: Not hardly at all, just
Kelley Briscar: Once in a while. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Like different isn't
Kelley Briscar: It has it.
Magalie Marcellus: The new job makes a big difference to his environment.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: He's you said
Magalie Marcellus: You guys communication.
Overall,
Magalie Marcellus: Has the communication between you, to the communication.
Kelley Briscar: It's been pretty good.
Kelley Briscar: I mean, everybody has their little tips. Every now and then, but
Kelley Briscar: Like is that ever since he starts working at that other place. Everything's, you know, change.
Kelley Briscar: Dramatically so
Kelley Briscar: Which is nice.
Magalie Marcellus: When people have to worry when he comes on that, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: A high is going to present and what it you know Tim's gonna
Magalie Marcellus: Escalate some
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, some big plus.
Kelley Briscar: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah I know the
Magalie Marcellus: You know, the fire made
Magalie Marcellus: You know, was a big thing for
Magalie Marcellus: For you, you and your family, you know, all those changes. So how you
Magalie Marcellus: Would dial in overall with you know what you
Magalie Marcellus: were exposed to and in terms of like I know sometimes people can suffer some trauma, because it is a an experience a different experience. So
Magalie Marcellus: How are you handling that so
Kelley Briscar: That are now at first, second, it really was. I think affected me. I was always, you know, I'm just having trouble sleeping, I would have nightmares. You know, I
Magalie Marcellus: Mean I can you
Kelley Briscar: Know, just anything beat that I would you know it would just like revert back to that, but with time. You know, I did not. That was positive to being an ability, you know, to back, there was a big adjustment at first to, like, no, no, no.
Kelley Briscar: It's not the best taking care of building so
Magalie Marcellus: That was some early
Kelley Briscar: To know, and because we still don't.
Right.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: So it's just, but I guess times gone by, it's gotten better yet or not, it's not on my mind as much
Kelley Briscar: As it was, you know,
First
Magalie Marcellus: Any issue just sleeping.
Magalie Marcellus: I know you said
Magalie Marcellus: In the beginning it was, you know, with my
Kelley Briscar: Right now, I mean, not as much. Now, I may still have some nights. But, I mean, that's more just my bath and then
Kelley Briscar: I'll come. But otherwise no i i'm looking pretty good for me anyway. You know, so
Magalie Marcellus: And what are you doing to take care of yourself.
Kelley Briscar: Just the same old, you know, but I always do.
Kelley Briscar: This
Uh,
Kelley Briscar: Huh.
Magalie Marcellus: I see your parents.
Kelley Briscar: Oh nice area. Oh yeah, we
Kelley Briscar: I don't know if I thought you we went through a boss here with her. She got relax.
Kelley Briscar: Oh god. Yeah, I bet.
Kelley Briscar: They couldn't even really find a
Kelley Briscar: real cause for why she was doing it. But I mean, is it starts brings it so inch feeder for like the longest
Magalie Marcellus: Anyway, all
Kelley Briscar: The last pass navy, weaker, weaker to she's finally starting to get back to herself, where she seen not in the wrong again and
Kelley Briscar: What he felt better out she's you know shown interest again and
Kelley Briscar: But it was very there for a while. I mean, she dropped
Magalie Marcellus: Out.
Magalie Marcellus: So they said, Oh no, what caused that
Kelley Briscar: No, no, I think it was something with our mouth that you heard her mouth because just certain things she was doing when she went to when he kind of move her head to the side like it was hard for her.
Kelley Briscar: But I don't think it was something significant enough that it was taught you know able to be taught by the doctor, you know, I mean, they looked in her mouth and
Magalie Marcellus: I'm like, they're
Kelley Briscar: Like you're fighting was done, they didn't really see anything, but I think it was just maybe so minor was enough to bother but not enough, you know,
Kelley Briscar: So just like I said, I just was very faithful about I don't like syringe feeder every teeth. We all are.
Kelley Briscar: I just stuck to that. And over time, not download
Magalie Marcellus: You know, I still do.
Kelley Briscar: Now because I'm but I think that's more apparently on like a power than anything else. You know, I
Kelley Briscar: Just want to make sure she's getting a stroke, just like it's actually got so skinny there for a minute. It was done she went from being this chubby little thing to, you know, I mean, you wouldn't believe Thomas getting we will, you know, she got it was scary for a while but
Kelley Briscar: Knock on wood, I am. You seem to be back.
To normal
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
I mean,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, my mom even actually paid for the initial appointment for me because we were trying. I knew she needed to go but is a
Kelley Briscar: Gem was for a couple days. So, I mean, I
Kelley Briscar: Was beside myself just hoping she'd, hold on. And my mom was like, totally just make the appointment.
Kelley Briscar: But yeah, I mean, I was really surprised you
Know,
Kelley Briscar: But
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, see I important
Magalie Marcellus: She is
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I think that's what it was. You know, I mean, I see.
Kelley Briscar: Some expense, but she also gets you know how much happiness. The little thing brings me to, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Why they have to it again. Ready also
Magalie Marcellus: It's a distraction for you, you know,
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Daily would saying, so I'm glad she's on better Felicia gets all
Magalie Marcellus: The world, but
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: I mean, she's, she's about it all the way there. She just
Kelley Briscar: The eating. I mean, she eats on our own, but it's just not as much at one time as cheap was
Kelley Briscar: Time kind of time. Yeah.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Do you know do like the bench feeding, Lester. Now, after listening to Dr. Stone.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so at least you tried twice a day on top of what cheese.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, and you didn't cases not get enough
Kelley Briscar: Right, just in case you know and you can tell she's putting weight that done, so that's good, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What what is is shown some improvement. That's good.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: Just what I do have some NEVER HAPPENED TO HURT.
Magalie Marcellus: Really I think by that is, again, I
Kelley Briscar: Thought I was going to, you know, I mean, it was not looking good. That means she got to a point where she'd want to drink, you know, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: I was
Kelley Briscar: Yeah so. But yeah, like I said, they really couldn't find anything right so what you know what caused it, and then find out hundreds of hours of testing. I know I didn't
Magalie Marcellus: I still don't have a cause I
Magalie Marcellus: Can you imagine
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so it's, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: But like as prostrating but but it's better than
Magalie Marcellus: Not too far off and not
Magalie Marcellus: Knowing you know how to best help
Kelley Briscar: Yeah. Well, she started to take a turn for the better. Obviously, you know, needed extra that need
Magalie Marcellus: Emergency yeah
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: And actress to me okay about sending their home. They put her on the high calorie food and
Kelley Briscar: He
Was so
Kelley Briscar: Faithfully that seems to have done the trick and whatever what's ailing or you seem to have gotten over from
And
Magalie Marcellus: What's this yeah has a good pattern to take a look at
Magalie Marcellus: Our own dog when you went back to the apartment. Did you take any furniture anything with true when you went back
Magalie Marcellus: To your apartment.
Kelley Briscar: Now, not yet. Oh, we got
Kelley Briscar: All that we got
Magalie Marcellus: To get yourself back
Yes.
Kelley Briscar: Well, right. You my mom's there's a room in the basement. They're gonna let us. I mean, there's some stuff. We just have to leave because
Magalie Marcellus: It does this align with it.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, a
Kelley Briscar: Couple things that we are going to keep they're going to let us put down
Magalie Marcellus: staring at it now because I remember you mentioned you were going to try to get some
Magalie Marcellus: voucher for furniture. So if you did get those
Magalie Marcellus: You know, we want to keep I
Magalie Marcellus: Am
Magalie Marcellus: I, oh, you know, more eventually so
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. No one of the time comes, we'll be good. So
Magalie Marcellus: Now I'm just wondering, because I know
Magalie Marcellus: Those things are important. So, so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah what sounds like you know even though there's some setback, but they still some progress.
Magalie Marcellus: Any cravings, or any incidents where you felt that you want it to be so use triggers and things like that and
Kelley Briscar: Weeks. Yeah, no, I mean, not really. Yeah, I mean 19 1111 months.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: It's gone. Strong so
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: I've been doing a bit about myself, especially with all the stuff going on that, you know, it's a good
Magalie Marcellus: Way.
Kelley Briscar: That, you know, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely something to celebrate
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything else you wanted to
Magalie Marcellus: Address.
Enough.
Magalie Marcellus: Again, you know, again,
Magalie Marcellus: You're doing a good job. We've got this would all those setbacks, but you still maintain a positive outlook and making sure that you see, which are recovering. And that's what's most important. You know, once your health and that sense everything else you can work around it and so
I think. Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm right now. I know we had Mondays, but I had a couple people Mondays. So the next Monday. I would have would be not so much.
Magalie Marcellus: First Monday much
Magalie Marcellus: Much second. So, um, what time is the six o'clock is better for your correct
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, that works better.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so I'm gonna put you if anything changes. I'll let you know. But I'll
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely as a tentative next appointment and if anything happens in between or you need to meet with me.
Magalie Marcellus: Prior to that appointment, feel free to reach out to vote. You can I call you send me an email. So I can try to schedule something with you.
Magalie Marcellus: So I have you for the second my second at six o'clock. Okay. Yes. Okay. All the best, and keep up the good work.
Kelley Briscar: I will, thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Take care.
Kelley Briscar: All right.
All right. Bye bye.